[Music]
in times of old the world was full of
wonder and magic but times change
morning mom
hey birthday boy by the laws of your I
must dub thee a man today kneel before
me that's okay I have a gift from your
dad he said to give you this when you
were both over sixteen no way
it's a wizard step dad was a wizard what
your dad was an accountant this spell
brings him back for one whole day dad
will be back what I quite back to life
that's not possible
it is with this I'm gonna meet dad
[Music]
ah hisses legs I definitely remember dad
having a top part Oh what did I do
hi we only have 24 hours to bring the
rest of him back until then oh hey Dad
you look just like I remember
[Music]
a problem show
adventure you see you come to the right
time
Oh
we might be out of gas but it says we
have a full tank that doesn't work
growth spell we grow the can and then
the gas inside will grow with it
the can is huge and the fan is huge and
your Oh
[Music]
you